---
layout: post
img: philadelphia-skyline-dusk-with-love-1400.jpg
category: Projects
tags: -posts -ice cream -tests
title: Test Blog Post
description: |
---
Someone order 140 pounds of upper body strength? The worst that could happen is that I could spill coffee all over this $3,000 suit. COME ON. The guy runs a prison, he can have any piece of ass he wants.

A trick is something a whore does for money… or cocaine. This is not what it looks like. It looks like you're tweaking her nipples through a chain-link fence. Hola, is Rosa still alive? No? Well this is not my day. I've always been deeply passionate about nature. Perhaps you remember Neuterfest? I'll never forget your wedding.

Turns out he ended up getting too friendly with the teddy bear. I'm not a prostitute. Michael: Then I shall let you live! Are all the guys in here… you know? George Sr: No not all of them. Barry: Yeah. It's never the ones you hope. I'm a complete failure. I can't even fake the death of a stripper. If you're suggesting I play favorites, you're wrong. I love all of my children equally. I don't care for Gob. Don't call my escorts whores. What's next, Michael? Are you going to make dancing illegal? Is this the tiny town from Footloose?

Sweet old thing. Only two of those words describe Mom, so I know you're lying to me. Oh, I don't have any drugs for sale, unless… did you want me to follow you to your car? That coat costs more than your house! I need a fake passport, preferably to France…I like the way they think. They're not gonna strip, right? I told them not to, but I can't guarantee their instincts won't kick in. A million ****ing diamonds! Touché, Pandora.

Well, I spent so much time making sweet love on my wife that it's hard to hear anything over the clatter of her breasts. I think that's one of Mom's little fibs, you know, like I'll sacrifice anything for my children. God knows they're squinters. George Michael may be suffering from what we in the soft-sciences call Obsessive Compulsive Disorder, or the "OC Disorder."

The worst that could happen is that I could spill coffee all over this $3,000 suit. COME ON. Fried cheese… with club sauce. Popcorn shrimp… with club sauce. Chicken fingers… with spicy club sauce. Oh…yeah…the guy in the…the $4,000 suit is holding the elevator for a guy who doesn't make that in three months. Come on! Well, I hope you also carry a spare bowl of candy beans. What have we always said is the most important thing?

When a man needs to prove to a woman that he's actually… When a man loves a woman… That's the first time we were in the shower since our honeymoon. And this time, no tears. I'm a complete failure. I can't even fake the death of a stripper. Maybe it was the other George Michael. You know, the singer-songwriter. Wow. We're just blowing through nap time, aren't we?
